I just ran into an ambush in 7 days to die.  I set up to fight a wolf, and then a snake came and bit me from behind.  I killed the snake just before the wolf broke through the door.  I was super low on stamina, and could barely stab the wolf two times before I ran out and had to back up, panickedly shooting my pistol at it
I barely escape, with a broken leg, and cuts all over my hands and legs

I realize I have no way back, because I jumped into a hole to get here, and so my only option is to press onwards
I crawl across the floor to the next room
You sent
and I hear more barking
a zombie dog immediately busts through the closet door charging at me
I hit it a few times my knife and manage to fend it off without too much damage
but I don't really know how much more of this I can take
Finally, I see a light!  A hole in the wall
but I know this area, and I know there's another dog out that window
I don't want to fight another dog in my current condition, so I'm forced to turn away from the light and walk my way through the house some more
I spot a ladder to the attic, and take it, hoping maybe there's a hole or something up there
but it opens up to the roof!

I'm free!

sorta!

I'm stuck on the roof though
I look over the edge, and spot that dog I knew about
I aim my pistol at it.  point.  click.  It doesn't go off
I forgot to reload
the dog hears the click and looks up at me
it starts barking loudly
I look around and realize the barking might be bringing in more zombies
I reload and take my shot and kill it, but I don't know how much longer I have here
I look off the roof... look back inside the house, trying to get sight of where the package the local merchant sent me for is...
I don't think I have enough time to carry through the house looking for it, and I'm in pretty bad shape
not to mention
I forgot to set my respawn point to the closest hideout
if I die, it'll take me at least 20 minutes to get back here
I don't want to waste that kind of time
so I pull my bike out of my pocket, and start sizing up the jump off the roof